feat(hydrator): Commit message templating (#23679) (#24204)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/source-hydrator.md

All trailers are optional. If a trailer is not specified, the corresponding field in the metadata will be omitted.

## Commit Message Template

> Source Hydrator currently generates hard-coded commit messages when committing hydrated manifests. This message was previously static and lacked customization. With this added capability commit message are now `fully templateable`, allowing users to define commit formatting. This will enable users to tailor commit messages to suit their workflows and organizational standards.
> 
> The commit message is generated using a `Go text/template`, optionally configured by the user via the argocd-cm ConfigMap. The template is rendered using the values from `hydrator.metadata`. The template can be multi-line, allowing users to define a subject line, body and optional trailers. To define the commit message template, you need to set the `ourceHydrator.commitMessageTemplate` field in argocd-cm ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commit message is generated using a {Go text/template](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), optionally configured by the user via the argocd-cm ConfigMap. The template is rendered using the values from `hydrator.metadata`. The template can be multi-line, allowing users to define a subject line, body and optional trailers. To define the commit message template, you need to set the `sourceHydrator.commitMessageTemplate` field in argocd-cm ConfigMap.

The template may functions from the [Sprig function library](https://github.com/Masterminds/sprig).
```

Reviewer: Removed the first paragraph, I don't think it's necessary.

Added link to go text template docs and Sprig functions.
